---
title: "Math-M106: Mathematics of Decision and Beauty"
collection: teaching
type: "Associate Instructor"
permalink: /teaching/2101
venue: "Department of Mathematics, Indiana University, Spring 2021."
date: 2021-01-01
location: "Bloomington, IN"
---

Here is the [Instructor Website](https://batesm.pages.iu.edu/M106AIWebsite/index.html), built by Matthew Bates, the course coordinator. 

Students Evaluation
======
The following data are from the "Online Course Questionaire".
<center>
<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Questions</th>
    <th>My Score</th>
    <th>Department Average</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Overall, I would rate this&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;instructor as outstanding.</td>
    <td>3.9</td>
    <td>3.7</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor is well prepared&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;for class meetings.</td>
    <td>4.7</td>
    <td>4.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor explains the&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;material clearly.</td>
    <td>3.8</td>
    <td>3.8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor is enthusiastic&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;about teaching this course.</td>
    <td>4.2</td>
    <td>4.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor is knowledgeable&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;on course topics.</td>
    <td>4.7</td>
    <td>4.4</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</center>
### What did you like most about this course and instructor?
I have struggled with math throughout college and this is the first course that I actually began to understand the content, which I credit to the instructors. Instructions to solve problems were clear and explained in way that made everything seem less scary. Instructor Wei was always very understanding with technical errors as well!

I thought that he was very enthusiastic and always came well prepared and devoted to teaching us.

Our recitation leader was very helpful in going over materials, explaining grades, and providing extra practice for us.

He is always open for questions via e–mail and is well prepared with material for recitations.

He has lots of examples and walks through problems slowly so people can follow.

I thought he was very knowledgeable about the math problems and concepts we were working through, and it was helpful that we did a lot of examples in drill.

Instructor was very available.
