---
title: "Math-M211: Calculus I"
collection: teaching
type: "Recitation Leader"
permalink: /teaching/2103
venue: "Department of Mathematics, Indiana University, Fall 2021."
date: 2021-09-01
location: "Bloomington, IN"
---

I led the recitations supervised by [Dr. Erin Caulfield](https://math.indiana.edu/about/faculty/caulfield-erin.html) and [Prof. Alberto Torchinsky](https://math.indiana.edu/about/emeriti/torchinsky-alberto.html).

Students Evaluation
======
The following data are from the "Online Course Questionaire".
<center>
<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Questions</th>
    <th>My Score</th>
    <th>Department Average</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Overall, I would rate this instructor as outstanding.</td>
    <td>4.0</td>
    <td>3.5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor is well prepared for class meetings.</td>
    <td>4.4</td>
    <td>4.0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor explains the material clearly.</td>
    <td>3.7</td>
    <td>3.5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor is enthusiastic about teaching this course.</td>
    <td>4.1</td>
    <td>3.9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My instructor is knowledgeable on course topics.</td>
    <td>4.5</td>
    <td>4.3</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</center>

### What did you like most about this course and instructor?

He was always willing to answer any question I had even if it was simple.

He's really nice and does his best to help you with the quizzes.

This is the best course I took for this semsetr, the class is really effective and I really learnt a lot of things during the class, Zhifeng is really good at explaining works and giving examples. I really like this class.

Super helpful and genuine! Made sure he was explaining things throughly every class!

Course was challenging yet fun. Zhifeng helped A LOT.

I liked that he was willing to answer any and all questions, even if they were elementary topics in the course. Gave good
explanations of the material and motivated students to do their best work.

I liked that Zhifeng was very helpful with preparing for quizzes. He often went over effective examples to clarify concepts before we
took our quizzes.

He devoted time in class to review before taking the quiz which was very helpful. He also made sure to answer questions
thoroughly and multiple times if needed.

Zhifeng was very patient with us all, and every meeting we had, he reviewed course material clearly and at a
manageable pace. He was also very understanding if I happened to be struggling that day.

kindness and knowledgeable.

I like how he asks us for our questions then gives us practice problems to work out based on our questions.

He helped lay out what would be on the exam so I knew what to study.

He seemed very knowledgeable about the topic and I think he did a good job visually showing the steps of the calculation.

I liked how much he enjoyed answering our questions and clarifying topics that we did not understand during lecture.
I liked how hard he tried, he wasn't exactly the best at explaining topic but he would try very hard to make sure us students knew
what he was talking about and asked many times if he was explaining things clearly.
